Mention passing errors in the docs (#949)
pinojs/pino: docs/api.md

* See [`message` log method parameter](#message)
* See [`logMethod` hook](#logmethod)

> <a id="errors"></a>

Reviewer: This identifier is very generic and will likely cause conflicts at some point. I suggest using "error-serialization" as the name.

#### Errors

> Errors can be supplied as either the first parameter or if already using `mergingObject` then as the `err` on the `mergingObject`.

Reviewer: This is accurate if the user has not customized the serializers, e.g.:

```js
const logger = pino({
  serializers: {
    error: stdSerializers.error
  }
})
```

In the above, the `err` serializer, as described in this documentation, will not be defined. Instead, it is renamed to `error`. So:

```js
// Will not serialize
logger.error({ err: Error('boom') })

// Will serialize
logger.error({ error: Error('boom') })
```

Author: Tried to point this out, let me know if you have a more concise sentence.

> Errors can be supplied as either the first parameter or if already using `mergingObject` then as the (by default, can be changed via the `serializers` option when creating a logger) `err` property on the `mergingObject`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors can be supplied as either the first parameter or if already using `mergingObject` then as the `err` property on the `mergingObject`.

> ## Note
> This section describes the default configuration. The error serializer can be
> mapped to a different key using the [`serializers`](#opt-serializers) option.
```

```js
logger.info(new Error("test"))
// {"level":30,"time":1531257618044,"msg":"test","stack":"...","type":"Error","pid":55956,"hostname":"x"}

> logger.info({err: new Error("test"), otherkey: 123}, "some text")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
logger.info({ err: new Error("test"), otherkey: 123 }, "some text")
```
